Jeremy Audet -- problem 1 for lab 14
10 unix commands + brief descriptions

	1) ls
a) This command lists all the files in the current directory. (note that directories, links, etc are represented as files in the unix 
filesystem)
b) Someone would use this command while navigating the directory structure.
c) The -l option lists all the results in an ordered list, and includes information such as file permissions and last date of modification. The 
-a option lists hidden files.
	2) cat
a) The cat command concatenates the contents of a file and prints them out to stdout. The cat command is made for catting text files, not 
binary files, msword files, and other types of files.
b) Someone would use this command if they wanted to take a look at a file without having to open it up in a program. Useful for glancing at a file.
c) The -n option numbers lines of output.
	3) grep
a) This command searches for an expression within a given block of text.
b) This command would likely be used when paired with some long listing -- for example, you could cat the contents of a file or list a directory 
structure, and then pipe the results to grep.
c) The -E option specifies that the expression used should be interpreted as a perl expression. The -c option simply prints out how many matches were 
found.
	4) man
a) The man command provides a manual page describing unix commands.
b) This command would be used when researching how to use some unix command.
c) The -k option would be used when searching for a command to perform some task. For example, one could issue the command "man -k compress" to find 
utilities to compress files.
	5) mkdir
a) This command creates a directory.
b) Someone would use this command if they wanted a folder to store a set of files in.
c) The -v option makes the program run in verbose mode, displaying more information than is normally shown. Specifically, the command will inform users 
each time a directory is created.
	6) zip
a) This command compresses a set of files/directores
b) Someone would use this command if they wanted to, say, send a large file over a network.
c) The -g command will attempt to append ("grow") files to an existing archive.
	7) rm
a) This command is used to remove a file.
b) Someone would use this command to get rid of old junk.
c) The -r option recursively removes files and directories.
	8) date
a) The date command lists the current time and date.
b) This command is especially useful if you are working in a pure command line environment, or if you want to check whether the time on a host has been 
messed up.
c) The -s command allows you to specify what the current time should be.
	9) tail
a) The tail command lists out the last 10 lines of a specified file.
b) This command is useful when you want to know what the last bit of information added to a file is.
c) The -n option is used to specify how many lines should be displayed, instead of the default 10.
	10) less
a) The less command takes a block of text and displays it, while allowing the user to scroll through the text line by line.
b) Someone would use this command if they were looking at a block of text (say a directory listing) too large to diplay on a single line. Unlike the 
more command, the user can scroll up and down through the text, and the text is not left on stdout after quitting the less command.
c) The -q command invokes a partially quiet mode, where the terminal bell will not be rung if the user attempts to scroll above the top or below the 
bottom of the file. The bell will still be rung in other cases, such as if an invalid character is entered.
